0. All overlays need to track/have a variable/setting -- BECAUSE there also will be a "model selector" in the Overlays Editor! (i.e., Left of "Select All" button there should be a dropdown that selects the "Active Model" for the Overlays Editor. This will default to HARDCODED UAF that are in the csvs for color and label.)
1. This sounds good. -- the addition of the settting is a great ideas too -- ensure the is in the Settings "EXPORT/IMPORT" too (same with KEYS.MODELS)
2. I DO NOT want the "ACtive Model" to be in settings -- this needs to be in the Overlays Editor -- because the user will be working with overlays and models together there. So the "Active Model" dropdown should be LEFT of the "Select All" button in the Overlays Editor. (see #0) -- The "Model Mangement" and Open Editor buttons are the only thing for settings!
3. Copy all; Yes use the colors; again ALL models will map to the UAF Colors (this is to show how UAF has "coverage" for other models -- ex: the 54 views of DoDAF will map to UAF -- BUT a DoDAF Architect/Modeler will know "the labels for DoDAF" -- thus they gain understanding what they should be drawing for UAF -- by allowing Custom Labels to represent other models...)
4. Correct -- there are NO changes to colors or grid sizing -- JUST labels. Thus the Model Editor is purely a "Label Replacement" tool.

+5: Missed requirement -- while the Individual models should mimic the Overlay-specific import and export -- "ALL DATA" should be in the Settings' main Import/Export. Imagine if Overlays and models are different pages, of different chapters (and not all people wnat all chapters nor pages) -- this differs from the main import/export in Settings. THAT Import/export is the WHOLE BOOK (all models, overlays, settings, current UX settings, etc. etc.)